Excellent guys.
Once we have created more pages for our project now we have Holmes skills about and product before we
deploy our Web site online.
In fact I changed my mind and I decided to add one more section to our project.
Now you can obviously later on create a one more page if you would like to.
But in my case I'm just gonna add this particular section on our homepage.
Now the purpose for this section is going to be show you how we can create in fact cards using HRT amounts
we assess and how also we can use float to in fact manage them on different screen sizes.
So if we're going to make our project smaller you're going to notice that we're gonna have one card
on the extra small screen size and then as I'm making these screen size bigger then I'm gonna have a
two card layout and then later on of course I'm gonna have a three card layout.
So in this case we're going to use a little bit of different syntax where previously when we used floats
we just use the padding.
In this case we're going to implement margin as well.
All right.
Now that's the plan.
So why don't we start working on it one by one.
All right now we're going to start very simply by looking for the product or the contact section.
Now the easiest one probably is going to be contact.
And in order for you to help you to navigate there you can also use always command and if not common
enough is going to give you this little search bar and then just type here.
Let's say contact.
This is gonna help find this particular section.
As you can see it gives me pretty much all the instances of contact which leads me to the contact section
and in between the product and contact section.
I'm going to create my in fact comment where I'm gonna say services.
OK.
Copy and pasted.
Let's say and of services.
And then within the services let's start very simply by typing section then class name of course.
And let's write services.
So that is the class name for my services section.
Then I would want a title and remember when we were working on the products we already had some kind
of title.
So the only thing we need to do is just scroll up and then let's look for our title.
And you're probably noticing that right after these products in full while we do the have a section
title.
So let's just grab everything starting from the beginning comment to the uncommon and let's again scroll
down and we're just gonna copy and paste it within these services.
Now there's few things that we like to do for this particular title.
So once we save it we do have our title displayed but I would like to add some changes.
So first and foremost when we have the div the enclosing div.
Why don't we add a few classes.
So let's write class then let's write services.
Title that's gonna be the class that we're going to create in the second.
But also I'm going to implement the right away the class that we already created before by the name
of text center.
So this particular class just aligns text innocent.
Now if you're wondering where's that class.
Again you can use the command if you have a search bar and either you look for helpers I believe that
was the actual comment or my utility classes or you can just look for the class itself not the class
name or text center like so and you notice that the C assess is text on line property and the value
is center and that's the reason why right now my title text is in fact sitting in the center.
Then let's change also the value for having three I'm going to say explore explore and find the actual
text for the adding to it is going to be our services now like so then lastly let's remove this text
white because I think it's gonna look a little bit better if we just have this black stack then once
we have a title that's all done and we're gonna by the way work on the services title class a little
bit later on when we work now she says.
So for now we're just gonna leave it blank and land right after D section title that's still within
the section class I'm gonna create a div with two classes that we already created before 1 4 section
Center and the other one for clear fix so let's write div section center as well as the clear fix and
one by one again let's look at these two classes just so we're not unclear confused.
So first of all we have our clear fix that is because we are going gonna use floats in order to again
have our layout so we're gonna use floats and in order to make sure that everything sits correctly we
need to use our clear fix.
So we're making sure that everything before and after our clear fix is in fact cleared.
So that's the reason why we're using this code content of empty string then clear both and display a
table that's number one for the clear fix as far as the section center again let's look for her class
section center.
And you're going to notice that we're adding the padding top and bottom for our arms.
Then zero on right and left as well as the width.
So we set up already some kind of with for our section and the width is going to be 80 percent of the
size of the window.
Regardless whether that's desktop or the mobile phone and of course we're also setting up right away
the max with OK where we have Max width of eleven hundred seventy pixels and that margin is zero top
bottom and left and right arm.
That's the reason once we save the indexation email since we added both classes we should have something
like this nice so where we have the title then we already have some at this base because of our paddocks.
Now within this particular div the section center first of all I'm going to add comments of single card
copy pasted let's add and of single card.
And then within this card let's create a div name or not.
Now when do we add an article instead.
And that's gonna be a little bit more meaningful.
So let's write Oracle now for the particular article I'm gonna add a class of service card like so.
And let me make sure that I'm adding only one hyphen because that's the only thing I would want.
And then let's add one more comment of image container.
Now one thing we need to understand about the cards when we're sending them the cards is two components
that in fact make up that card.
Now one is the image.
So in most cases you're going to need some kind of image.
And second one is going to be text.
Now there's gonna be some cases where you would want to add some additional things where your image
is sitting.
So that's the reason why we are going to create a image container.
Because in fact we would want to place this icon in this exact position.
All right.
So if we wouldn't want to have the icon or if we would want to have some I don't know text that we are
hovering over or anything like that.
In fact you could just get away by using the image.
So please remember that the reason why I'm creating this image container is simply because I'm going
to have some additional things where the image is sitting.
OK.
If I wouldn't have that now I could just get away by using the simple image.
So I'm going to have my image container and then within the image container and by the way first of
all I guess first let's create it and I'm gonna have the class for this particular container by the
class of service image container.
And this is also something that I would like to talk about where as your project gets bigger you're
going to have to start managing your classes online because again please understand we had just have
one homepage currently but as you're gonna be adding more content let's say you're gonna have one image
container.
Now if you're already using this particular class somewhere well you're already going to have some styles.
So you need to make sure that as you're creating more content you are being very very specific about
your class names because probably you wouldn't want to create 10 image containers and then have some
kind of random styles in there because each and every one of them is going to be overriding the other
ones.
So it just doesn't make sense.
So make sure that you have some kind of unique name to my case is going to be service.
I have an image container and then within the image contained there's going to be two things.
First there's going to be an image.
And second we're going to have these service icon now for the time being I'm not going to place the
service icon because I would like to do this step by step.
So I'm just going to have the comment where eventually we're going to place a service icon.
Now as for the image I'm going to have the image tags then within the source I'm not going to add any
extra images because I already have for the product.
Now I can always add them myself but in my case I'm just going to look for product number one and then
let's do the right away.
Class of service image.
Now I can tell you right away the image is gonna be huge now because there's gonna be some CEO says
that we are gonna have to add in order for the image to be with of hundred percent.
Otherwise it's gonna have just it's with a height which is going to be massive.
Now as far as alternative when we write single service single service like so and then like I said service
icon we're going to leave blank for now.
So let's just leave the comments on.
Like I said we have our massive image because we do need to add a little bit of styling there right
now right after the image container.
So not within the image container but right after the image container we're going to have another div
by the class name of service info.
So let's add a comment of service info like so and then let's create our live with the same class.
So service inform and then within this of why don't we have a hearing for now.
The heading for is going to have a class name for the service in full title.
Are you not.
Actually we can skip that don't bother.
We can just have a hearing for we're going to add all our classes here within the service.
For more I'm sorry.
All our styles.
So let's write custom custom recipes and for the time being in fact we're gonna add only one card so
we're gonna add only one card.
We're gonna properly style it and then in fact we're gonna have the rest of the cards as well as use
the floats.
Now the way I set up my layout is in fact where I do have my heading for.
But I would like to have the second line with a text of service.
So I'm going to have my first line and then the second line and the way I decided to do that is in fact
using the line break.
Now it's really up to you.
You can do it.
How are you like.
You can also do it this way.
Well you have a ring for and we just write let's say service you know what was deleted here for custom
and let's just write service.
We could do it this way by the way.
As you can see that's going to be my result here.
Or we can use a line break.
So we're within the heading for just going to have a line break and then I'm just writing whatever I
would like.
So I could have done it also this way.
It's really up to you.
Yeah.
Again I think I'm gonna use a two hand enforce I guess not just leave it the way it is for now and then
also right after resetting second heading for I I'd like to have a button.
Now the button is just gonna be a simple button so let's write type Martin and then let's add a class
of service button so let's write class service between now and then within the button let's write to
read more.
Let's save that and that is going to be our single card.
All right.
So like I said we're going to add some styles for this one particular single card.
Then we're going to use floats to in fact place them side by side and then we're going to work on our
icons so our icons are going to be the last thing that we're going to work on.